once adam agreed to take part in a
popular tv show
he had to crack logic puzzles and solve
detective riddles to get one million
dollars
if only he knew at that moment where
this decision would lead him
when the guy arrived at the venue a
staff member put a blindfold over his
eyes
after that adam was taken some place and
left alone
after waiting in silence for a couple of
minutes the guy
pulls the blindfold off he's in a rather
large room
there's nothing there except four doors
the guy feels something's wrong
but he can't grasp what exactly and
suddenly he realizes
the ceiling is going down he needs to
get out of the room and
fast he examines the doors more closely
aha they all have notes that describe
what's behind each of them
the first one a lake full of piranhas
the second
a room where an avalanche will happen
once he sets foot inside
the third high voltage wires hanging
above a wet floor
the fourth is a 15th floor room with
only one window
adam knows he needs to decide fast he
opens one door and jumps inside a moment
before the ceiling crashes down luckily
it's a safe room
which one is it
the guy picked room number three the
wires don't touch the water on the floor
and there's some space left between them
and the ground
it means it's safe to crawl under the
wires
adam makes it to the next room and finds
a note with a task on it
a coin is put into an empty bottle which
is then plugged with a cork
how can you remove the coin without
breaking the bottle or
pulling the cork out adam doesn't need
much time
to get the coin out what does he do
adam pushes the cork into the bottle and
shakes the coin out
his next task is to figure out who a
criminal
is an elderly lady was walking in the
park
when a stranger grabbed her bag and
hurried away
the woman told the police the man was
wearing a coat a hat
and a pair of glasses he also had a
mustache
the police officers ran in the direction
the lady showed them
a bit further they found the hat coat
and glasses lying on the ground
they figured out the criminal could hide
in the nearby cafe
adam has a photo of four men all of them
cafe visitors
he needs to understand who took the bag
from the elderly woman
he immediately points at one man and his
answer is correct
which man is it
it can't be the man in a hat or the one
wearing a coat
the criminal also got rid of his glasses
it means
the man wanted by the police is the one
on the right
he has a small wound on his upper lip
must have got rid of his fake mustache
in a hurry
the riddle is solved and adam can go
further
soon he finds out he has to act as a
detective again
a famous artist nearly finished his new
painting
but he had to leave for france it was an
urgent matter
and it kept the man in paris for a week
when he returned
he discovered his work had been spoiled
someone had spilled black paint all over
it
and it happened recently because the
paint was still fresh
the artist was furious he invited his
maid
gardener and maintenance worker and
questioned them he said
someone spoiled my painting while i was
away do you know anything about it
i never enter your studio without your
permission the maid said
the maintenance worker added we don't
use black paint for any repairs in the
house
i don't know who could do that gardner
got angry
i've been working for you for 15 years
do you think i could do this to you
all of them sounded sincere but then who
spoiled the painting
being a smart guy adam realizes right
away the one to blame
is the maintenance worker the artist
never mentioned the way the painting was
spoiled
since the answer is correct adam can
continue
he enters a narrow hall there on a small
table there's a glass of orange juice
it seems to be half full but adam has to
figure out if it's really so
how can he do it without using any
measuring tools
or pouring any juice out of the glass
adam tilts the glass until the juice is
just touching the rim
the bottom of the glass is invisible so
the guy concludes the glass is more than
half full
if a part of the bottom was visible it
would mean the glass was
less than half full the next riddle adam
has to crack
goes like this a man is thinking about
how fast his life is flying by
the day before yesterday i was 34 and
the next year
i'll be 37. the man hasn't made any
mistakes in his calculations
can you guess what day his birthday is
adam spends 20 minutes trying to figure
this puzzle out
and succeeds what is his answer
the man's birthday is on december 31st
he's thinking about it on january 1st
the day before his birthday
he was 34. the next day he turned 35
a new year started the next day and that
year he's going to turn 36
and he will be 37 the following year
the riddle is solved and adam is allowed
to move to the next room
in the middle there's a large tv screen
suddenly it's which is on adam sees two
girls who are going down to a dark
basement
no no no the guy whispers that's how all
horror movies start
and right he is the door slams behind
the girl's backs
it's so unexpected that adam jumps in
the seat
the girls scream since the power's out
one of them switches on the flashlight
on her phone
they see three doors something's moving
behind the first one
who's there adam can hear one girl
whispering
her voice is trembling it turns out that
the first
door hides oh no several hungry zombies
a big fire is ranging behind the second
door
and if the girls open the third door
they'll see
exposed live electrical wires and then
a voice tells adam you have to say
which door they should choose if you
make a mistake
they won't survive hmm no pressure
whatsoever
luckily adam is smart enough to help the
girls
which door does he pick
the third door the power's out and the
wires are totally harmless
the next riddle adam has to solve is a
logic one
one wizard makes his prisoners choose
between two doors
behind one of them there's an unfriendly
dragon
behind the other a chest with goal pick
the right door and you'll become a rich
person
and will be allowed to leave the castle
but if it's the wrong door
well you aren't likely to survive there
are two signs on the doors
one always lies the other is truthful
on the first door it's written the
treasure is here
the dragon is in the next room the other
sign says
the treasure and the dragon aren't in
the same room
where is the gold
the chest with the treasure is in the
second room
the second statement is true which means
the first one
is false adam knows the show must go on
but where should he go next the room
he's in
has four doors one in each of its walls
after looking around he notices a note
in the corner
he picks it up and sees a strange
inscription
after thinking for a while he opens some
application on his phone
looks at it and leaves through one of
the doors
what does the inscription mean and what
application is it
adam turned the note upside down now
it read south then he used a compass app
on his phone
to find out which door was leading to
the south
the guy found himself facing the last
challenge
it was another detective case ruth was
moving home
while she was busy with boxes someone
took her laptop
the girl went over to her new neighbors
perhaps one of them had seen something
eric told her he had been staying at
home with a high fever for the whole day
emma said she didn't even know a new
neighbor was coming
and jonathan explained he just got home
from his office
who took ruth's laptop
adam is an observant guy he immediately
noticed that jonathan's car
was covered with a thick layer of snow
the man lied
he wasn't at work finally
adam gets back to the main hall he's
passed all the challenges and cracked
all the riddles well i guess he's about
to become
a millionaire and waiting for him inside
is the tax man oh boy